# ReadMe

## File Explanation

**TestCase**: Contains all the test cases.

**generate.py**: Used for generating test cases randomly.

**test.py**: Code for automatically run your code with all test cases in **TestCase**. 

**TestCase_New**: Contains 97 new test case.

**test_New.py**: Code for run your code with all test cases in **TestCase_New**.

## How to Use  
* Download CSCI561_HW2  
* If using C/C++, put your .out file in the same directory as **test.py**, and rename it as **a.out**
* If using other language, please replace `time ./a.out` at line 9 in **test.py** with other command to run your code
* Run **test.py** with command `python test.py`

## Result
**output.txt** of **test.py** for **TestCase** will be placed in corresponding test folder. That is, **output.txt** for Test1 will be in Test1 folder with name **myoutput.txt**.    
**output.txt** of **test_New.py** for **TestCase_New** will be placed in **Result** folder generated by **test_New.py**. Be careful that **Result** folder will replace the older one if there exist any folder has the name "Result".  

The running result will be in the format as below:
```
--Test Case #1--

real	0m0.004s
user	0m0.001s
sys 	0m0.001s

--Test Case #2--

real	0m4.731s
user	0m4.716s
sys     0m0.011s
```
If your output.txt is different from output.txt in test case, then the difference will shows in the output as:
```
1,2c1,2
< XOX
< ...
---
> X.X
> .O.
```
This is an example of the difference foramt, your difference output may vary from this.
## Caution!
The test cases are generated by my algorithm, and all the **output.txt** files are not guaranteed to be correct.
